README.md, before:

# What growth mindset means to me

Growth mindset is understanding that you have the ability to accomplish a task, or tasks, that seem insurmountable **EVENTUALLY**. It is realizing that anything worthwhile does not come _easy_. It is understanding that growth requires you to get out of your comfort zone to expand what were the previously perceived limits of your potential. 

## Reminders for myself to maintain a growth mindset

1. When something is difficult now, remind myself that it will get easier eventually.
2. Getting out of my comfort zone is a pre-requisite for growth and to expand my potential.
3. Do not compare myself to others who are further along than I am and let that discourage me. Instead, I should use that as motivation because at some point that person was where I am currently.

## About Me

My name is Erich Hartnauer. I am a 32 year old father of three. I previously served in the military prior to working at my current job for Airgas as a C02 plant operator. I am brand new to coding and I am hoping that with the help of Code Fellows that I will be able to land a job in the tech field. A remote position is appealing to me for a multitude of reasons with the main one being able to spend (_hopefully_) more time with my family. Here is a link to my GitHub portfolio page: [GitHub Portfolio](https://github.com/Erich08).

Commit message:

added table of contents to readme and created file revisions.md which is the 3rd reading assignment in code102

README.md, after:

# What growth mindset means to me

Growth mindset is understanding that you have the ability to accomplish a task, or tasks, that seem insurmountable **EVENTUALLY**. It is realizing that anything worthwhile does not come _easy_. It is understanding that growth requires you to get out of your comfort zone to expand what were the previously perceived limits of your potential.

## Reminders for myself to maintain a growth mindset

1. When something is difficult now, remind myself that it will get easier eventually.
2. Getting out of my comfort zone is a pre-requisite for growth and to expand my potential.
3. Do not compare myself to others who are further along than I am and let that discourage me. Instead, I should use that as motivation because at some point that person was where I am currently.

## About Me

My name is Erich Hartnauer. I am a 32 year old father of three. I previously served in the military prior to working at my current job for Airgas as a C02 plant operator. I am brand new to coding and I am hoping that with the help of Code Fellows that I will be able to land a job in the tech field. A remote position is appealing to me for a multitude of reasons with the main one being able to spend (_hopefully_) more time with my family. Here is a link to my GitHub portfolio page: [GitHub Portfolio](https://github.com/Erich08).

## Table of Contents

_[Reading 1](read01.md)
_[Reading 2](read03.md)
_[Reading 3](revisions.md)
_[Reading 4]
_[Reading 5]
_[Reading 6]
_[Reading 7]
_[Reading 8]
